https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdPIgsGmDcU&t=134s
Con&
PersonA-1: I think women just want to sleep around and not have any consequence of it, you know, instead of taking personal accountability and being on birth control. They just want to do whatever they want. 
PersonB-1: Do you have any care to empower women or is disempowering women part like these?
PersonA-2: You see, this is shame, insult and guilt that need to be right, okay? Why is it empowering to sleep around?
PersonB-2: I do think the way you speak to women is very ... sort of like, ah, women just don't want to do this, women just don't have that... I just wonder why you have so much hatred towards women?! 
Con&
PersonA-1: Just last year 22 states enacted stricter abortion laws and we're seeing because of those laws in places like texas more and more women are choosing to self-abort. They're turning to self-abort as a resort. Because there is no more access to safe and legal abortion in the state or limited. Don't you feel that your extreme positions are just forcing women toward these more dangerous options?
PersonB-1: I think that sally we should dare to have a better view for America and our women by saying we shouldn't believe and have to think that women need abortion and that we have to kill our children to achieve the dreams and the careers and families that we want. I think we can do better that as a society I think women deserve better. I think we should fight at the community level for programs that are positive that help women if they're single mothers. We should improve the foster care system. We should improve the adoption system so that we can welcome children to this country instead of seeing them as a threat and killing them by the thousands each day.
PersonA-2: That's all valid can you answer that question specifically which is for the women who still do choose abortion. Restricting their option just leads them to more dangerous choices. Why are they in that?
PersonB-2: In the position to feel like abortion's their only option could it be because a boss didn't want to promote them, because a boyfriend was going to leave them, a university professor said we're not going to be flexible with our class schedule. Let's look at the reasons and let's address those reasons but let's not turn to killing, dismembering, poisoning. Let's not turn to killing our littlest Americans as a solution to these problems.
Con&
PersonA-1: You know if you read the rationale of roe versus wade was based on a particular moment in time about viability of the baby and has a whole elaborate argument about that the fact is with new technologies and with new scientific breakthroughs something like 80 to 90 percent of all babies survive after 26 weeks. Shouldn't we look seriously at how if roe versus wade were being decided today? It would set a much later date and say that clearly not this is no longer a question about abortion anytime anywhere but it would say you know there is a cut off because after that date the baby clearly is viable.
PersonB-1: Well absolutely the vast majority of women who choose not to carry a pregnancy to term do so very very early in their pregnancy and in fact the very small minority that get later. Very complicated situations tests come out terribly either for the prospects of the life of the mother or the child that cannot be tested earlier. Very very complicated decisions which is why when americans hear how complicated those situations are that they are among the most complicated medically they believe that the the choice should remain between a woman and her doctor and not with politicians who are not the experts 
PersonA-2: So let me ask you this. Would you then accept that after the first 26 weeks a medical panel say of three doctors would say yes this is a medically necessary case because candidly what happened when we first looked at this was if it's only one doctor and the doctor is an abortion doctor, the doctor always found a medical excuse what we already have is a situation where roe says up until the point of viability. This is a choice that the woman can make beyond the point of viability. 
PersonB-2: This is a choice that requires medical expert to determine. What the potential risks and outcomes are? And doctors actually impose restrictions all the time. We have case after case of doctors saying that this does not meet their own personal test and that's exactly what the role of the doctor is. 
PersonA-3: I think an important question would be I mean and I would ask this of narelle is why is it that every single abortion regulation limitation restriction, anything even the ones that most americans agree with. For example a ban on sex selective abortion. Why would you lobby against that?
PersonB-3: why would you be opposed to that most abortions are medical decisions? The majority of americans vastly agree should be left between a woman and her doctor.
Con&
PersonA-1: The kinds of restrictions that have been imposed on the other side are manufactured restrictions to limit and narrow and narrow and narrow women's choices until they're forced into desperate situations exactly like what sally's talking about and in fact where you and I agree lyla which is awesome is that we should actually push for the kinds of opportunities and economic equality that allow women the broadest range of choices and what we see is the politicians who vote to restrict abortion all the time disproportionately vote against in fact the ACA which provided prenatal and maternal care for women.  So I want to equal pay the kinds of things you're talking about. I agree with women need to make informed choices i want to pick up on where you're going lila and where you went newt because there's a way in which folks who are opposed to abortion try to portray a sort of focus on later term abortions to kind of paint this extreme picture of what elisa said her majority vast majority over 99 abortions in earlier in the pregnancy.
PersonB-1: But let's talk about extremism for a second. Lila I read or heard that you said that women who are raped should be forced to carry their pregnancies to terms. I think we have a clip we're going to roll. They're going to say that was a redemptive part of this suffering that was something that helped to redeem it but abortion adds more violence to that violent act right.  Are you really telling women that they should be forced by the government to carry their rapists babies?
PersonC-1: This is the way that i would answer that Sally when a woman is raped that's a horrible injustice against her the rapist should be held at the fullest extent of the law liable for that culpable for that. The woman needs healing and the support of her community. But an abortion doesn't unrape a woman and abortion just adds more violence on top of that that first violence that she endured and you look at the stories of someone like rebecca kiesling a woman who was conceived in rape. She says should I have received the death penalty for the crimes of my father? I mean if your father did something bad in his life should you receive the crime should you receive the the penalty for his crime? That's not fair. I mean I think all of this comes down to this question what is the life in the room, what is the life in the womb. Is it a human life? Is it a life sciences? We should recognize the human rights of this whole group of people that we've denied rights for. So we're dismembering them. We're poisoning them. We're ripping them apart. You mentioned sally late term abortion I want to address that real quick. Late term abortion is horrific but all abortion is horrific even in the first trimester. Keep in mind heart's beating at three and a half weeks.
PersonB-2: We're not going to get into that right now. I want to go back.
PersonC-2: And why not?
PersonB-3: what you're saying you are you are saying in effect that the rapist should have more rights than the woman.
PersonC-3: Absolutely not the rape rapist isn't allowed to kill that child either. The right christian isn't allowed to kill anybody, isn't it? No one's allowed to kill him.
Con&
PersonA-1: We live in a country where lila rose could decide that she would choose to carry her rapist pregnancy to term. But her version of morality doesn't actually dictate what I can choose to do in that moment and that's what religious liberty is about it's about you getting to choose what would be right for you in that circumstance but i don't get to tell you what to do and you don't get to tell me. 
PersonB-1: But elise i agree with you until the point where your rights end where another person's rights begin and there is another life in the womb when you conceive you now have a person inside of you. This is a beautiful thing but this is a good question. When you conceive, the good news is unique distinct human being that just needs time and nourishment to grow.
PersonC-1: All right it's getting interesting I want to add some to this conversation if conservatives are really concerned about reducing abortions I have three common sense policies they should support. Today for the 41 years in a row, abortion remains to be constitutional, a fact that continues to frustrate the right wing. But here's what frustrates me. Conservatives always say they want fewer abortions progressives. We can all agree on that. So there's a whole laundry list of things that we know reduce the need for abortions in America. Let's start with sex education and contraception and what about raising the minimum wage among other things that would allow women to afford to raise children. So if conservatives really want to reduce the number of abortions in America. Why are they opposing these policies that should be at the top of their agenda? 
PersonD-1: You know one of things I love about liberalism is that I'm glad whatever is happening you reach out to one of the five or six things. I'm surprised you didn't throw in global warming. I mean there'd be five or six other things we could work on. All of which would help. I just loved that it was very nicely done and weird.
PersonC-2: I'd like to say something. I think it's been really fascinating to me and insulting actually to see all of this political discussion about women reduced to birth control and not just any birth control but mostly hormone drugs, synthetic hormones that are pumping women's bodies. There's the yaz lawsuit happening right now. One of the most famous birth control pills of the last few years, bayer corporation. That's now ten thousand women have said how it's hurt them. There's even vanity fair exposing the nuva ring which was promoted by planned parenthood. No one's talking about the risk to women of these drugs. Even the world health organization called them a group one carcinogen. I mean that's the kind of thing that women deserve to know right up there with the dangers of abortion. It's not being talked about instead we're being told just take this pill to reduce your fertility and then you can be sexually available do whatever and  that'll solve your problems. I don't think that's a good solution for women.