https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBJGgCHgf5w&t=1072s
Con&
PersonA-1: I don't think that trans women should be allowed into athletic spaces because I don't think it's fair. I think as female athletes, we work so incredibly hard for the little opportunity there is in women's sports.
PersonB-1: Would this be a barrier like this?
PersonA-2: There's no barrier. There's less opportunity in some Industries.
PersonB-2: There's no less opportunity.
PersonA-3: No no no.
PersonB-3: It's based on the market.
Con&
PersonA-1: You own experiences. You own existence. And yet when a woman is sitting here, telling you I feel as though this is unfair. This is compromising and the situation is not helping women. You guys are like when you're like black person that did this this and this, it's valid and fair and viable.
PersonB-1: In this space where we're told that our opinions don't count because they're not the right kind of opinions. We're constantly shouted over and talked over because there's one group in society that basically takes precedence and it's frustrating. It's frustrating because when we try to talk about it, we get shouted down, we get told to be quiet, we get spooking down too. There's hostility there for plenty of women.  
PersonC-1: Hahahaha!
PersonD-2: Let's try to make this an opportunity to speak literally.
PersonC-2: A white woman from Australia you live in a bubble and you're pissed by the voices that have been silenced forever util finally can be heard. 
Con&
PersonA-1: One in five transgender youth have tried to commit suicide why are we trying to police them? 
PersonB-1: But you're bringing it only to the parents being. The question was indoctrination in general. Am I correct? 
PersonA-2: But they are part of that conversation someone said something about drag shows coming to schools or what not. The kids enjoyed it. The parents just had a problem with it. But that's their issue. It's only someone dressed in drag reading a story.
PersonC-1: Is drag not blackface for women? I'd see it as a caricature of womanhoods
PersonD-1: But inherently sexual as well 
PersonF-1: I have to agree with you guys. I do not like the drag queen social hours. I personally as a trans person didn't ever go to a drag show until I was about 40.  I'm not for the sexualization of kids. why are we not letting kids be kids and bringing sex into their life so early?
Con&
PersonA-1: What I think the bathroom issue opens up is an issue of predatory men taking advantage of the opening. Now they could walk into a woman's bathroom or a women's locker room as we've seen happen in instances like here in Los Angeles at we spa and they go into a women's space. They expose themselves to the women and then they say I'm a trans woman and you've opened up this space for me.
PersonB-1: But we cannot blame trans people for that and that's the problem right here because again when you walk into the bathroom, I'm not interested in knowing what you are, what you identify as. I'm trying to use the bathroom and leave out of there. What people have tried to say is that when trans women go in the bathroom, they're being predatory. And That is not the case. That is something you not blame on trans women. Although you were not saying that, when we talk about predatory behavior and when we talk about the predatory cases, none of them have been trans women. So I just want to make sure. I know she's not strictly doing that. But because she said that. I think it's very important that I bring that out on the table and discuss that.
PersonA-2: We have to have the conversation. I'll open up the question. We know that if this legislation happens if we move forward with this move there are going to be men who take advantage of it. Now I want to ask you is your comfort as far as going to the bathroom more important than the female women that will be victimized by this.
PersonB-2: Who said female women will be victimized by this?
PersonA-3: They will and they have 
PersonB-3: No you're only assuming. The reality of it is again when people are going into the restroom when people are only going into the restroom, they're only focused on doing one or two things and that's using the restroom.
PersonA-4: But you didn't answer the question. Is your comfort more important than the female people who could be victimized by this?
Con&
PersonA-1: I'm not able to have children so I'm still strong. I'm funny. I am smart. I have a lot of strength. I don't believe that having a baby is the greatest strength, because not all of us can. I cannot have kids due to medical issues from a medical procedure that I had when I was younger. It's a hard stuff to talk about. It's doesn't mean a less of a woman. 
PersonB-1: One of the things that I regret was the fact that I would never be able to do that. But I was honored in the ability to participate it from the other side. Women are amazing. They don't just deal with that.
PersonC-1: While giving birth is not a woman's greatest strength. I do think that only biological women are capable of going through that process and bringing life into the world.
PersonD-1: I need to push back on that because we're also for getting that trans men and trans masculine people can also give birth as well. I don't think it's fair to just set it on one group. That says that just biological women have that power to just give birth and we have to be very clear when we look at the nuances of birth.
PersonC-1: I recognize that there are people who have different identities. There are biological women who identify as men and then go on to give birth. I would argue however that those people are still biological women and I know that is something that can offend many, but that stands as my belief.
PersonD-2: So the correct term is actually cisgendered woman. CIS means same it means that you identify with the birth that you were assigned. So you know I just really really wish that we would kind of be a little bit more mutable to the terminology because I think that's what really is going to open up that dialogue and that discussion. 
PersonE-1: I think the Crux of the conversation kind of comes back to "are trans women women?" I think if we don't agree there, it's going to be very difficult to keep the conversation going or even agree on the points that you guys are talking about. Because if we don't believe that trans women are women then the conversation ends there in terms of whether men can give birth or not if that makes sense. 